c:\users\ronan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WpfApp1\WpfApp1\bin\Debug\WpfApp1.exe.config
c:\users\ronan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WpfApp1\WpfApp1\bin\Debug\WpfApp1.exe
c:\users\ronan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WpfApp1\WpfApp1\bin\Debug\WpfApp1.pdb
c:\users\ronan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WpfApp1\WpfApp1\bin\Debug\SciChart.Charting.dll
c:\users\ronan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WpfApp1\WpfApp1\bin\Debug\SciChart.Charting3D.dll
c:\users\ronan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WpfApp1\WpfApp1\bin\Debug\SciChart.Core.dll
c:\users\ronan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WpfApp1\WpfApp1\bin\Debug\SciChart.Data.dll
c:\users\ronan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WpfApp1\WpfApp1\bin\Debug\SciChart.Drawing.dll
c:\users\ronan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WpfApp1\WpfApp1\bin\Debug\SciChart.Charting.xml
c:\users\ronan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WpfApp1\WpfApp1\bin\Debug\SciChart.Charting3D.xml
c:\users\ronan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WpfApp1\WpfApp1\bin\Debug\SciChart.Core.xml
c:\users\ronan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WpfApp1\WpfApp1\bin\Debug\SciChart.Data.xml
c:\users\ronan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WpfApp1\WpfApp1\bin\Debug\SciChart.Drawing.xml
c:\users\ronan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WpfApp1\WpfApp1\obj\Debug\WpfApp1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\ronan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WpfApp1\WpfApp1\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\ronan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WpfApp1\WpfApp1\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\ronan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WpfApp1\WpfApp1\obj\Debug\WpfApp1_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\ronan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WpfApp1\WpfApp1\obj\Debug\WpfApp1_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\ronan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WpfApp1\WpfApp1\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\ronan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WpfApp1\WpfApp1\obj\Debug\WpfApp1.g.resources
c:\users\ronan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WpfApp1\WpfApp1\obj\Debug\WpfApp1.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\ronan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WpfApp1\WpfApp1\obj\Debug\WpfApp1.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\ronan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WpfApp1\WpfApp1\obj\Debug\WpfApp1.exe
c:\users\ronan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WpfApp1\WpfApp1\obj\Debug\WpfApp1.pdb
C:\Users\ronan\Documents\WpfApp1\WpfApp1\bin\Debug\WpfApp1.exe.config
C:\Users\ronan\Documents\WpfApp1\WpfApp1\bin\Debug\WpfApp1.exe
C:\Users\ronan\Documents\WpfApp1\WpfApp1\bin\Debug\WpfApp1.pdb
C:\Users\ronan\Documents\WpfApp1\WpfApp1\bin\Debug\CsvHelper.dll
C:\Users\ronan\Documents\WpfApp1\WpfApp1\bin\Debug\SciChart.Charting.dll
C:\Users\ronan\Documents\WpfApp1\WpfApp1\bin\Debug\SciChart.Charting3D.dll
C:\Users\ronan\Documents\WpfApp1\WpfApp1\bin\Debug\SciChart.Core.dll
C:\Users\ronan\Documents\WpfApp1\WpfApp1\bin\Debug\SciChart.Data.dll
C:\Users\ronan\Documents\WpfApp1\WpfApp1\bin\Debug\SciChart.Drawing.dll
C:\Users\ronan\Documents\WpfApp1\WpfApp1\bin\Debug\CsvHelper.xml
C:\Users\ronan\Documents\WpfApp1\WpfApp1\bin\Debug\SciChart.Charting.xml
C:\Users\ronan\Documents\WpfApp1\WpfApp1\bin\Debug\SciChart.Charting3D.xml
C:\Users\ronan\Documents\WpfApp1\WpfApp1\bin\Debug\SciChart.Core.xml
C:\Users\ronan\Documents\WpfApp1\WpfApp1\bin\Debug\SciChart.Data.xml
C:\Users\ronan\Documents\WpfApp1\WpfApp1\bin\Debug\SciChart.Drawing.xml
C:\Users\ronan\Documents\WpfApp1\WpfApp1\obj\Debug\WpfApp1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\ronan\Documents\WpfApp1\WpfApp1\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\ronan\Documents\WpfApp1\WpfApp1\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\ronan\Documents\WpfApp1\WpfApp1\obj\Debug\WpfApp1_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\ronan\Documents\WpfApp1\WpfApp1\obj\Debug\WpfApp1_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\ronan\Documents\WpfApp1\WpfApp1\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\ronan\Documents\WpfApp1\WpfApp1\obj\Debug\WpfApp1.g.resources
C:\Users\ronan\Documents\WpfApp1\WpfApp1\obj\Debug\WpfApp1.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\ronan\Documents\WpfApp1\WpfApp1\obj\Debug\WpfApp1.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\ronan\Documents\WpfApp1\WpfApp1\obj\Debug\WpfApp1.exe
C:\Users\ronan\Documents\WpfApp1\WpfApp1\obj\Debug\WpfApp1.pdb
